## Project name

Choose a name for your project. Don’t worry, it doesn’t need to be fancy, it’s just a way to identify it (e.g. “Hipstacam”, or “Woofie”).

**Answer:**
Topfolio

## Team members

Add a list of all the members in your team.

**Answer:**
Christopher Evans
Fabrizio Troilo
Marco Lup
Noah Sinnott
Chenhao Hu

## Repository

Create a public GitHub repo to host your project, give write access to all team mebers, and paste its URL here.

**Answer:**
https://github.com/chris3evans/topfolio

## One liner

Write a very short sentence (< 10 words) that describes what your app is about (e.g. “Airbnb for boats”, or “Movies recommendation engine”).

**Answer:**
Drag and drop portfolio creator for developers

## Project description

Provide a short description of what the app does (< 1000 characters).

**Answer:**
An app for developers to create portfolios for their work who do not know design or do not want to have to learn design. Upon submitting some information about themselves, a template is generated for them along with an AI generated color scheme based on the answers that they submitted.

Sections within the template are draggable and can be moved. Sections will be made up of different components which initially will be fixed in place. The whole UX will be simple and easy to set up.

## MVP

Choose the core feature that most defines your app and you’ll start to tackle first (e.g. “Users should be able to take a picture of a food item with their smartphone and receive a list of recipes based on that ingredient”).

**Answer:**
Users should be able to fill in a form with basic info, Github project links, employment history / description and skills. A portfolio template is then generated based on the form answers along with a color scheme generated by the ColorMind API. The user can then drag and drop sections into the template.

## Additional features

Add a list of other features you’d like to add once the MVP is working.

**Answer:**
Calendar to book email & to button
Different templates
Landing page
GitHub stats component
LinkedIn stats component
3D animations with ThreeJS
Custom section containing any components you want
Sentiment analysis

## Tech stack

Does your app have a client, a server, or both? If it has a client, is it web or mobile? What frameworks, databases, or relevant libraries are you going to use? Fill the fields here below as needed.

**Front End:**
React
React Icons
TypeScript
CSS

**Back End:**
Express
MongoDB (with Mongo Atlas)

**Testing:**
Jest
Cypress

**Code Editor:**
Commitizen
EsLint
Prettier

## Data sources

In case your app relies on some data to work properly, where are you planning to get that data from?

**Answer:**
Github API
LinkedIn API
